[0.00s -> 30.00s]  Hi, so my name is Saikran I come from a nearly nice family I Love my mother. She's a good mother. I tell everywhere. She's a great mother But she's unsatisfied she says I don't want to be a good mother or a great mother make me a grand mother But it's not easy difficult because it's not easy for me to get married because I'm very bad at first impressions most girls who see me for the first time
[30.00s -> 60.00s]  If only they spent some time with me and get to know me better, they started to really hate me. Like, even I am silently walking on the road, minding my own business. Any woman coming in the opposite direction, insting till he crosses to the other side. And nowadays with all this news about violence against women, the moment women see me, they start covering themselves with their sari paulus like this one.
[60.00s -> 90.00s]  And I just lost it. Hey, what are you doing? Do I look like a molester? She said, no, no, no, no, no. I thought you were a chainsnatcher. It happens, it happens all the time to me because I think, because I am dark-skinned. People don't like dark-skinned people in our country. Forget others, my own parents. Like, when I was born in the hospital, looking at me, their first reaction was, Ayo.
[90.00s -> 120.00s]  They said it so loudly, half the hospital thought I was a girl. My mom made it her mission in life to make me fairer. She had a poster of Michael Jackson in the kitchen. If his mom can do it, I can do it.
[120.00s -> 150.00s]  I was just born dark. I grew up with dark and manerished. Like I'm a fully grown adult today, but my mom doesn't let me touch coffee or tea. Saying drinking them will make me darker. Boost and bone meat also banned. People like my mom believe the color of what you eat affects the color of your skin. That's why salt and nuns are so good.
[150.00s -> 180.00s]  or obsessively reading everything in bite. Rice with curd, up on with stew, it glaive with coconut chutney, doesn't make a difference. No matter the color of what you eat, the end result is still drawn. Skin skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin, skin. But I understand my parents' disappointment.
[180.00s -> 210.00s]  Because in my family, we have both genes. My grandfather was dark, but my grandmother was fair. Forget's Altinian fair. Forget Northinian fair. Imagine an avganistani. Elbino. Darts of where she was. And they both got married. Because my grandfather was dark and rich. My grandmother was fair and poor.
[210.00s -> 240.00s]  Now I am dark and poor. But we have the other branch of the family, my cousins, who inherited all the money and the fair genes. Oh, they make so much fun of me. For a siker and you're such a lucky guy, because you're dark. Unlike us, you can go out in the sun whenever you want. As if my skin doesn't burn. This is Melanie not taking a look at me.
[240.00s -> 270.00s]  He's a flon. These fair skin morons think that if a coast is in a sun for too long, it becomes a buffalo. But forget animals, even gods cannot escape this discrimination in our country. You all know Lord Krishna. Krishna means dark. His describe in Mahabharthas, Nila Makershama, which means as dark as the rain filled cloud. Then why the hell do they show him everywhere to be
[270.00s -> 300.00s]  This is a high-level,
[300.00s -> 316.00s]  playing Nilsamandela. Because we can't accept a hero can be dark skin. Why we are just dark, not shady. I don't think Lord Krishna was really a thief.
